BugherdTask_#5 - WebSDK links (#1951)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/cockpit/managing-assets-bundle/asset-hierarchy.md

{{< c8y-admon-related >}}
- [Getting started > Technical concepts > {{< product-c8y-iot >}}'s domain model](/concepts/domain-model/) for details on {{< product-c8y-iot >}}'s domain model.
- [Device management > Device management application](/device-management-application/) for details on working with devices in {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.

> - Refer to the [{{< product-c8y-iot >}} Codex](https://styleguide.cumulocity.com/apps/codex/#/) for more information on developer documentation and our [{{< sag-dev-community >}}]({{< link-sag-tech-forum >}}) for tutorials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Refer to the [{{< product-c8y-iot >}} Codex](https://styleguide.cumulocity.com/apps/codex/#/) for more information on developing applications in the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} environment. Moreover find various related tutorials in the [{{< sag-dev-community >}}]({{< link-sag-tech-forum >}}).
```
